README.md, before:

### Dimensional Rift
The **Dimensional Rift** is a portfolio project created by me back in April 2022. The source was almost lost since I didn't knew github back then. However, _**the main goal** was to create a beautiful design with custom shaders._ It was my first attempt at creating something in **webgl**. I'm not sure if I'll ever continue this project, but I'm glad I have been able to recover the source code back again.

### Stack
HTML 💪, CSS 🎨, Three.js ⚡, Javascript ❤️, Shaders.

### Project Status
_[Archived]_

### Screenshots
The screenshots are from the original website, which is no longer online.

This is the **front page** of the website.
![Frontpage](https://i.imgur.com/62wmYyU.jpg)

This is the **front page #2.** of the website.
![Second Frontpage](https://i.imgur.com/PbjZVwf.jpg)

This is the **projects page** of the website.
![Projects Page](https://i.imgur.com/qSqKhcW.jpg)

This is the **contacts page** of the website.
![Contacts Page](https://i.imgur.com/RYtW8yF.jpg)

Commit message:

feat: deployed the website on vercel

README.md, after:

# Dimensional Rift
[Live Demo](https://dimensional-rift.vercel.app/)
![Frontpage](https://i.imgur.com/62wmYyU.jpg)

The **Dimensional Rift** is a portfolio project created by me back in April 2022. The source was almost lost since I didn't knew github back then. However, _**the main goal** was to create a beautiful design with custom shaders._ It was my first attempt at creating something in **webgl**. I'm not sure if I'll ever continue this project, but I'm glad I have been able to recover the source code back again.

The project now lives on [Vercel](https://dimensional-rift.vercel.app/).

### Stack
HTML 💪, CSS 🎨, Three.js ⚡, Javascript ❤️, Shaders.

### Project Status
_[Archived]_

### Screenshots

This is the **front page #2.** of the website.
![Second Frontpage](https://i.imgur.com/PbjZVwf.jpg)

This is the **projects page** of the website.
![Projects Page](https://i.imgur.com/qSqKhcW.jpg)

This is the **contacts page** of the website.
![Contacts Page](https://i.imgur.com/RYtW8yF.jpg)
